A1pr02_2 (#18)
jhudsl/ITN_computing_resources: clinicalTable.Rmd

### **Overview**

> The following table contains a list of clinical informatics platforms funded by ITCR grants. Clinical platforms work with several clinical data types, such as EMR Text and Clinical Notes, utilizing Natural Language Processing techniques, AI and machine learning algorithms in order to generate actionable insights with automated research tools. Note that, all resource summaries were taken from their respective sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains a list of clinical informatics platforms. These platforms work with several types of clinical data, such as EMR Text and Clinical Notes, utilizing Natural Language Processing techniques, AI and machine learning algorithms in order to generate actionable insights with automated research tools. 
```
